Help!
Who are you?
Please don't hurt me.
UNIVERSITY SPORTS COMPLEX
Aya and Brave are so cute.
Yes, they look so sweet together.
Thank you.
Can I take your photo?
-Sure.
-Can you take our photo?
Thank you.
When you post on Instagram or Facebook,
don't forget to tag me.
I'd like to see photos from everyone.
Thank you.
I heard that lately,
you two have been getting really close.
What is the true nature
of your relationship?
Are you still just friends,
or are you…
Boyfriends?
Can we just leave it at that?
I just want to keep it between us.
Just joking.
Oh, you're just joking?
I almost wanted it to be true.
Don't listen to him.
I'm getting the creeps
just thinking about it.
We still like girls.
Girls who look handsome?
I think our relationship is…
pretty clear.
It's clear that nothing is going on.
Can I take a photo?
-Sure.
-Come here.
-Let's go.
-Thank you.
-Of course.
Cheers, guys!
Hey, clap your hands.
Keep it up. That was perfect.
-Yes.
-So I won't have to complain.
-I love it.
-Oh, wow.
You have a lot of fans, don't you?
Shit!
This photo of you and Brave
is so adorable.
So damn cute.
And so fake.
Yes, it's not as real
as your and Nat's photo, right?
Enough, I'm getting goosebumps.
Aya.
There, look.
Kin, why did you make me look at her?
She'll come after me.
She is so damn weird.
Whenever she sees you,
she acts all weird.
She keeps staring at you.
I've heard
that she tried out for our team.
But all the positions were filled.
So she went to beg Justin and Min
to let her join as staff.
Or the real reason she joined the club
was so she could stalk you?
Shit, Brave.
You better protect your girlfriend.
-Shit, it cut my lips.
-You're making shit up.
I think she's just a fan.
Aya has many female fans anyway.
I don't care. She can stare all she wants
as long as she keeps her distance.
The other day I saw Praewa
practicing dancing in the club room.
The dance routine was exactly like Aya's.
She's so determined.
So much so that I feel sorry for her.
I think that it's creepy.
If someone admired me and did that,
I wouldn't be okay with it.
At least she leaves Aya alone,
doesn't she?
If you keep making fun of her,
it's like you're giving her
more attention.
What a good guy.
I'm just saying.
I'm not making fun of her.
-I'm sorry, Brave. Let me clean that up.
-It's all right.
Go find something to clean the floor with.
I'm going to practice.
Damn, you were quick.
How do you think Aya will react
if she sees this?
Asshole.
All right, focus.
Five, six, seven, let's go.
-One, two.
-Three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight, one,
two, three, four, five, six,
seven, eight, one.
Okay, take a ten-minute break.
Yes.
Why don't we practice?
You said you got goosebumps,
but you keep creating a buzz.
We're not creating a buzz.
We always do this.
What the hell is this?
It hurts.
What are you looking at?
Wow, who drew this?
It's so beautiful.
Oh, I've been trying to figure out
who it looks like.
It's you.
Look, it's your face.
Isn't it, Nat?
It really looks like you.
Agreed.
Who drew this?
Praewa.
I saw that she left it here.
Is she drawing you
for some kind of weird shit?
Not funny.
You told me to watch my back.
But your fans are actually more creepy.
I saw Khaimook
holding these dolls
that looked like you and Nat.
Trust me.
Khaimook might be weird.
But I think she's harmless, unlike Praewa.
Right.
Jiewliew, what are you doing here?
When will you go to bed?
The light from your laptop
is keeping me up. I can't sleep.
It's late, go to bed already.
You startled me!
I can't sleep. The light is too bright.
Turn off the light.
Fine, all right!
I was scared as hell.
Let's go to bed.
What's that fucking noise?
What's happening?
Shit.
What are you looking at, Nat?
Dan, check this out.
It's black magic.
They say last night
was a major Buddhist holy day.
People with black magic
would have to let it out.
And this guy was unlucky.
He was struck by one of those.
Scary shit.
Lilin, are you okay?
You look so pale.
I just have a headache.
Let's go, Dan.
The professor should be there by now.
Okay.
Hey, don't forget
Aya's birthday party tonight.
Yes, okay.
-See you.
Nice photos.
The lighting is so pretty. Look.
Too bad you have to practice.
Otherwise, the whole gang
would have been there.
There's nothing on Facebook
that compares to what's on my phone.
Damn, how could I miss this?
What is this?
Hey.
Tell me what this is.
Calm down.
Listen, we got that from another friend.
At first, I wanted to ask you.
But we thought you had seen it
and were just not making a fuss about it.
It's my boyfriend in the photo.
How did you think I would react?
Come on.
-Calm down.
-Take it back.
Delete the pictures from your phone.
Don't keep that disgusting shit
on your phone.
I don't mind
if she messes with me,
but not with my boyfriend.
Shit. Calm down, Aya.
Aya.
Aya, wait!
Aya!
Aya! Wait for me.
Damn! Like Siamese twins.
Aya, why are you mad at me?
Do you still have to ask?
Why am I mad at you?
Aren't you tired
of trying so hard?
Trying to do what?
Trying to be me.
I never said anything,
so you think you can do whatever you want?
You do your hair like mine
and wear makeup to look better.
It's not like that.
I'm not trying to copy you, Aya.
I just admire you.
I don't think anything like that.
I see.
Maybe you don't want to be me.
You just…
want my guy.
No, Aya. It's not like that.
Hey, calm down, just calm down.
Chill, come on.
Mark my words.
Get it through your thick skull!
Someone like you, even in the next life…
you could never be like me.
Hi, Jus.
Hey, you drank it all?
Hello.
Happy birthday.
Thank you.
Here's your gift.
-Thank you.
-I hope you'll like it.
Of course.
-This is from me.
-Thank you.
What did you get me?
It's a surprise.
Thank you.
Sorry I didn't tell you.
Praewa asked if she could tag along.
It's all right.
Happy birthday, Aya.
What are you waiting for? Come on.
Come here.
Kin, will you get him a drink?
-Come on.
-Just got here.
-Where have you been?
Wow, good job.
Ready, guys? Let's party!
Dance. Spin around.
Dance. You like dancing, don't you?
Give it up for Praewa!
Dance, keep dancing.
Keep dancing. Come on. Keep dancing.
Come on.
Dance.
Hey, I'll take Lin upstairs.
She's wasted.
Okay.
Hey, tough girl.
Always a lightweight.
Take care of her, Aya.
Sure.
Be right back.
Drink more.
Dance harder, keep dancing.
Hey.
How would you rate her, Kat?
You're such a player.
You are right.
I did her good.
I'll send you the clip.
All right, be quick.
Interested?
By the way,
how would you rate Praewa?
Apart from her being weird,
her body
is quite nice.
I agree.
Let's drink.
Shit.
Who put the bow on you?
Come here.
Come on. Come to Daddy.
Where is everybody?
Am I the last to wake up?
Yes, they are all gone.
Shit, I can't remember anything.
I don't know when I passed out.
What happened to you?
Well…
maybe I walked into the door.
I can't remember much.
Where's your girlfriend?
Still in bed?
Upstairs, in bed.
So she's still not up.
What did you guys do?
Are you sure you want to know?
Bring it on.
It better be good
since you built it up so much.
Damn!
MOM
Hello?
Yes.
Why? Is everything all right?
Okay, see you in the evening.
Yes.
Okay.
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
How are you?
Working hard, huh? Here.
Thanks.
Keep it up.
-Professor Pat, hi.
-Hello.
-Hi.
-I thought you wouldn't come in today.
You seem busy. Exams are coming up too.
Why don't you take a break
like the others?
You'll be too tired.
And you are already better than everyone.
That's right.
She is the favorite
to take the center position.
That's you.
Stop arguing. Both of you girls are good.
Thank you.
This period will be tough.
-Yes.
-Keep it up, everyone.
What's wrong?
Something bad happened.
All right.
I'll see you tonight.
Okay?
You asshole.
Hey, hang on.
-What's wrong with you?
-I should be the one asking you that.
What the hell did you do?
What the hell is going on?
Shit.
How could you do this, Nat?
Brave, calm down.
I know nothing about this.
Don't tell me to calm down.
I trusted you.
And I only sent it to you.
If it wasn't you, then who was it?
I really don't know.
We are friends.
How could I betray you?
I know.
Those clips were on my phone
which I lost yesterday.
Whoever took the phone
must have sent them.
Shit, who is it?
Mr. Harin Wisetchaithanas,
sophomore student
of the Faculty of Engineering,
please meet Professor Pat at the office
of the Division of Student Affairs.
Nat, you have to come with me.
DIVISION OF STUDENT AFFAIRS
Why are you looking at me?
Do you think it's me in the clip?
I don't know.
Don't think that I didn't notice
that you were flirting with Brave.
Wait a second.
Brave is my friend.
You are also my friend.
Why would I do that?
I'd be such a shitty friend if I did that.
I think you should calm down.
Wait until you've talked
to your boyfriend first.
There he is.
Who is she?
Who is that bitch?
So you're not going to tell me?
You're going to let me find out myself?
HAVE YOU SEEN PRAEWA'S CLIP?
IT STARTED WITH THIS PIC.
#PWIS
#PWIS #PRAEWAISASLUT #SAVEAYA
-Hey.
-I read it.
Hey, look at this.
Go to the Cheer Club's page.
-What?
-Hurry up.
-Why?
-The Cheer Club's page.
Nun!
Come here.
Go to the Cheer Club's page.
Watch the clip.
It's definitely her.
Gosh.
Go to the Cheer Club's page.
She seems shy and quiet.
-She's actually a bitch.
-Gosh.
It looks like her.
-I think it's her.
-She seems so shy.
She's a bitch on the inside.
Watch it.
I already shared it.
UNIFORM MAKES HER LOOK
LIKE A GOOD GIRL
What?
-Give me the phone charger.
-No.
I'm going to share it too.
SHE'S A SLUT #PWIS #PRAEWAISASLUT
#PWIS
WHAT A BITCH
WHAT A SHAMELESS BITCH #PWIS
I WANT TO SEE MORE. WHERE IS THE LINK?
UNIFORM MAKES HER LOOK LIKE
A GOOD GIRL. A GOOD GIRL GONE BAD.
LINK TO THE FULL CLIP.
GOT IT. I'LL CHECK IT OUT.
GIVE ME THE LINK.
UNIFORM MAKES HER LOOK LIKE…
WHAT A BITCH #PWIS #PRAEWAISASLUT
I'll be back.
Professor Pat.
You've seen all these crazy rumors, right?
It's not me in the clip.
They're spreading lies about me.
You've got to help me.
Praewa, calm yourself down.
It's really not me in the clip.
I'm not even close to Brave.
If you are still hysterical,
whatever excuse or reason
you can come up with,
nobody will believe you.
Besides,
Harin came to confess everything.
Confess what?
I told you it wasn't me!
Whatever you say, no one will believe you.
Unless you can find evidence
to prove your innocence.
And as the adviser for the Cheer Club,
I won't let anyone or anything bad
ruin the reputation
and the future of the club.
Are we clear?
I have an errand to run.
Brave!
You have to tell everyone the truth.
What's wrong with you?
You know it's not me in that clip.
Why are you doing this to me?
You have to tell everyone the truth!
What are you talking about? What nonsense.
Brave!
Hey.
Praewa, are you okay?
Praewa, what the fuck is wrong with you?
Why did you hook up with my boyfriend?
No, Aya. I'm not the girl in the clip.
Kin, hold her.
I'll slap the sluttiness out of you!
You want to be me, huh?
You want to be me, right?
Please don't hurt me!
Why are you just standing there? Hold her!
Come here.
Ping, I didn't do it! Help me!
Ping!
You want to be me, huh?
ASA SAMAKKEE FOUNDATION
Miss?
Jeez, look at her.
Bring a stretcher.
She's in bad shape.
Miss?
Hurry up.
One, two, three.
Don't struggle.
She's having a seizure.
Hey, this is strange.
Why is she having a seizure?
-What's wrong with her?
-What's wrong?
This is not good.
-Is she going to die?
-What's wrong?
-What's wrong with her?
-Let's go.
Mom!
Mom.
Mom, help me.
Mom, please help me.
Mom.
Mom, help me.
Subtitle translation by
Thanatcha Saksiamkul